ursachen causes
autonomen autonomous
autonomen autonomic
arbeitsgemeinschaft consortium
befreiung liberation
befreiung waiver
befreiung exemption
befreiung deliverance
zoll inch
zoll duty
zoll inches
zoll customs
hingerichtet executed
zeigten showed
lese read
lese reading
wunder miracles
wunder wonders
wunder miracle
wunder wonder
vorsprung lead
kindergarten kindergarten
kindergarten nursery
juristische juridical
juristische legal
regime régime
regime regime
regime regimes
erkannte recognized
finger finger
finger fingers
sanierung remediation
sanierung refurbishment
sanierung redevelopment
sanierung rehabilitation
sanierung renovation
geheimnis mystery
geheimnis secrets
geheimnis secret
geheimnis secrecy
andy andy
lost lost
stufen stairs
stufen tiers
stufen stages
stufen steps
stufen levels
fellow fellow
java java
gerufen hailed
gerufen shouted
gerufen called
gerufen summoned
ebenen layers
ebenen plains
ebenen tiers
ebenen levels
sätzen sentences
alfons alfons
alfons afonso
alfons alfonso
domain domains
domain domain
versteckt hid
versteckt hidden
versteckt hide
versteckt hides
versteckt hiding
est est
schlüssel keys
schlüssel key
katholiken catholics
katholiken catholic
reichstag reichstag
anbieter supplier
anbieter suppliers
anbieter provider
anbieter vendors
anbieter providers
strafe penalty
strafe doom
strafe torment
strafe punishment
strafe sentence
brust chests
brust chest
brust breast
brust breasts
hinteren posterior
zeilen rows
zeilen lines
eigenständigen standalone
gulden guilders
gulden guilder
erwähnte mentioned
erwähnte mentions
lisa lisa
seitlich sideways
seitlich lateral
seitlich laterally
seitlich side
endrunde finals
angekündigt announced
planet planet
mozart mozart
angewandte applied
vorgang process
einflüsse influences
überlieferung lore
überlieferung tradition
überlieferung folklore
vorsitz presiding
vorsitz chairmanship
vorsitz presidency
erdgeschoss basement
erdgeschoss ground
traum dream
traum dreams
allianz alliance
allianz allianz
pietro pietro
barock baroque
kreisen circles
kreisen circling
pilot pilot
echten real
echten genuine
abgebildet depicted
abgebildet mapped
abgebildet pictured
universal universal
cruz cruz
verstorben died
verstorben deceased
job job
geologie geological
geologie geology
melbourne melbourne
pius pius
kolonien colonies
kolonien colony
lausanne lausanne
klammern clamps
klammern parentheses
klammern staples
klammern braces
klammern brackets
teilt splits
verwandte relative
verwandte relatives
verwandte kin
verwandte related
unterkategorien subcategories
unterkategorien subcategory
québec québec
québec quebec
kampagne campaigns
kampagne campaigning
kampagne campaign
nba nba
beobachtung monitoring
beobachtung observation
urkunden documents
urkunden deeds
hoffentlich hopefully
detail detail
problematisch problematic
sicherung fuse
sicherung backup
sicherung secure
sicherung securing
felsen cliffs
felsen rocks
felsen cliff
felsen rock
lebende living
histoire histoire
arme poor
arme arms
händen hands
höhen treble
höhen highs
höhen altitude
höhen heights
airlines airlines
kalender calendar
kalender calendars
landesamt landesamt
blog blog
malerin painter
unbekannte unknown
anerkannten recognised
wiederwahl reelection
wiederwahl reelected
erfindung fiction
erfindung invention
erfindung invented
erfindung inventions
xii xii
nachlass discount
nachlass inheritance
nachlass rebate
reichweite scope
reichweite range
reichweite reach
hals throat
hals neck
hals necks
maría maría
schlösser castles
schlösser locks
schlösser palaces
jahrhunderten centuries
hauptrollen starring
piano piano
olympia olympia
olympia olympic
bemühungen endeavour
bemühungen effort
bemühungen efforts
bemühungen endeavors
bemühungen endeavours
johan johan
margaret margaret
angewendet applied
wochenende weekends
wochenende weekend
arizona arizona
sprung leap
franklin franklin
bde bde
flüchtlinge refugee
flüchtlinge refugees
flüchtlinge fugitives
koalition coalition
begründen justify
comic comics
comic comic
comic cartoon
skulptur sculpture
interpretiert interprets
interpretiert interpreted
rue rue
sinfonie symphony
vermittlung operator
vermittlung placement
vermittlung intermediation
vermittlung mediation
vermittlung conciliation
informieren inform
handlungen acts
handlungen actions
chinesischer chinese
seminar seminary
seminar seminar
naturpark park
landwirtschaftlich agricultural
landwirtschaftlich agrarian
substanz substance
harris harris
generationen generational
generationen generations
leid sorrow
leid sorry
leid suffering
janeiro janeiro
vancouver vancouver
bestätigte confirmed
bestätigte corroborated
bestätigte acknowledged
ausrüstung equipment
ausrüstung gear
ausrüstung equipments
versorgt supplied
dreharbeiten filming
dreharbeiten shooting
saal chamber
saal courtroom
saal hall
saal auditorium
ronald ronald
negative negative
negative negatives
haltepunkt halt
haltepunkt breakpoint
höchst highly
überlegen superior
überlegen consider
mangel shortages
mangel lack
mangel defect
mangel deficiency
mangel shortage
freiwillig voluntary
freiwillig volunteered
freiwillig optional
freiwillig voluntarily
freiwillig volunteer
minderheit minority
minderheit minorities
berechtigt eligible
berechtigt entitles
berechtigt justified
berechtigt entitled
peters peters
niederländisch dutch
zuständigen competent
beamten officials
klagenfurt klagenfurt
kupfer copper
lincoln lincoln
sandstein sandstone
bedeuten signify
bedeuten imply
field field
marken brands
marken marche
marken brand
marken marches
marken trademarks
studieren studying
überführt convicted
nachts nights
nachts nighttime
nachts night
lasse lasse
annähernd approximate
annähernd approximately
rezension review
fische fishes
fische pisces
fische fish
irgendwas something
irgendwas anything
schiller schiller
vierter fourth
sven sven
auszug snippet
auszug excerpt
auszug extract
fordert urges
fordert calls
branche sector
kleidung apparel
kleidung dress
kleidung attire
kleidung clothing
kleidung clothes
erlaubnis permission
eingeschränkt restricted
eingeschränkt constrained
eingeschränkt limited
unterhält maintains
norman norman
recherche recherche
player player
atmosphäre ambience
atmosphäre atmosphere
atmosphäre ambiance
atmosphäre ambient
siemens siemens
mini mini
ernest ernest
wen whom
wen who
wen wen
bestattet buried
geprüft verified
geprüft audited
geprüft tested
geprüft checked
geprüft reviewed
kreuzer cruisers
kreuzer cruiser
erdbeben seismic
erdbeben earthquake
erdbeben earthquakes
puerto puerto
feier ceremony
feier party
feier celebrations
feier celebrate
feier celebration
schäfer shepherd
schäfer schaefer
schäfer schäfer
schäfer shepherds
rückseite backside
rückseite reverse
rückseite rear
rückseite back
lokomotive locomotive
vermutung presumption
vermutung conjecture
vermutung assumptions
vermutung guess
vermutung supposition
propaganda propaganda
kenntnisse skills
kenntnisse knowledge
spalte column
spalte columns
southern southern
oswald oswald
überlegungen considerations
überlegungen reflections
überlegungen thoughts
zugeteilt assigned
zugeteilt allocated
zugeteilt allotted
report report
geheimen secret
teilung partition
teilung divide
fremde strangers
fremde outsiders
fremde stranger
lkw lorries
lkw truck
lkw lorry
lkw trucks
lkw trucking
registriert registered
abbildungen graphs
abbildungen pictures
abbildungen images
abbildungen figures
abbildungen illustrations
verschwinden vanishing
verschwinden disappearing
verschwinden disappear
verschwinden disappearance
magdalena magdalene
magdalena magdalena
spenden donation
spenden donate
spenden donations
mdr mdr
monarchie monarchy
republikanischen republican
bestätigen verify
bestätigen validate
bestätigen acknowledge
bestätigen confirm
scharf sharp
scharf spicy
vermittelt brokered
vermittelt conveys
vermittelt conveyed
vermittelt mediated
frisch fresh
frisch freshly
frisch frisch
kelly kelly
alabama alabama
dokument document
loire loire
audio audio
kurfürsten elector
kurfürsten electors
kette necklace
kette chains
kette chain
moderner modern
herrenhaus mansion
herrenhaus manor
schicht shift
schicht layer
schicht stratum
justiz justice
justiz judicial
justiz judiciary
alberto alberto
offizieller official
bewaffneten gunmen
bewaffneten armed
mittelmeer atlantic
mittelmeer mediterranean
mmn mmn
faktor factor
ermordung murder
ermordung assassination
connecticut connecticut
persönlichkeit personalities
persönlichkeit personality
etablierte established
kaliningrad kaliningrad
zusatz addition
zusatz addendum
zusatz additive
guido guido
gefangenen prisoner
gefangenen captive
gefangenen prisoners
gefangenen detainees
sank sunk
sank sank
leutnant lieutenant
lateinische latin
xvi xvi
abbau degradation
abbau dismantling
vietnam vietnam
strategie strategies
strategie strategy
uruguay uruguay
einheimischen natives
einheimischen locals
gruyter gruyter
liechtenstein liechtenstein
liechtenstein lichtenstein
holocaust holocaust
siegel seals
siegel siegel
siegel seal
quer across
quer transverse
fragt asks
fragt asked
ausscheiden resignation
hamm gam
hamm hamm
auschwitz auschwitz
zeitgenössische contemporary
planungen planning
planungen plans
neueren newer
beendigung termination
detroit detroit
emma emma
publikation publications
publikation publication
stoff cloth
stoff substance
stoff fabric
fremden strangers
fremden aliens
fremden stranger
ernsthaft serious
ernsthaft seriously
gelben yellow
krankheiten illnesses
krankheiten illness
krankheiten diseases
krankheiten disorders
krankheiten sickness
zentimetern centimeters
zentimetern cm
bukarest bucharest
mans mans
denkmäler memorials
denkmäler monuments
maine maine
rief exclaimed
rief shouted
rief called
rief cried
entlassung discharge
entlassung dismissal
entlassung redundancy
kongo congo
stämme tribes
stämme strains
siebten seventh
musikern musicians
grob crude
grob rough
grob roughly
grob coarse
dialekt dialect
dialekt vernacular
dialekt dialects
philologie philology
hofmann hofmann
südkorea taiwan
südkorea korea
südkorea seoul
beachtung attention
beachtung observance
beachtung heed
technischer technical
grimm grimm
merkmal characteristic
merkmal feature
merkmal trait
anr anr
orthodoxen orthodoxy
orthodoxen orthodox
epoche eras
epoche epoch
engineering engineering
rechnung account
rechnung billing
rechnung invoices
rechnung bill
rechnung invoice
browser browsers
browser browser
verwiesen referenced
verwiesen expelled
verwiesen referred
konsul consul
stab stab
stab rod
draft draft
benannten designated
wertung scoring
wertung rating
vorschriften regulations
vorschriften rules
vorschriften requirements
vorschriften specifications
vorschriften provisions
eintracht eintracht
eintracht harmony
eintragen register
eintragen enter
ähnelt resemble
ähnelt resembles
rad wheel
rad rad
götter gods
vfb vfb
lass lass
lass let
harz harz
harz resin
beitragen contributing
beitragen contribute
lars lars
kopiert copied
lucas lucas
südtirol südtirol
schiedsrichter arbitrator
schiedsrichter referee
schiedsrichter ref
schiedsrichter umpire
schiedsrichter referees
dünn skinny
dünn thin
dünn sparse
bestimmungen regulations
bestimmungen stipulations
bestimmungen provisions
mauern wall
mauern walls
berechnet calculated
berechnet computed
berechnet charged
three three
verlieren losing
verlieren loose
verlieren loses
verlieren lose
gefangenschaft prisoner
gefangenschaft captive
gefangenschaft imprisonment
gefangenschaft detention
gefangenschaft captivity
henning henning
comics comics
comics comic
umfassenden comprehensive
sainte sainte
moon moon
wem whom
wem who
wem whose
teufel hell
teufel devil
teufel satan
teufel devils
notre notre
leinwand canvas
leinwand screen
hauptdarsteller starring
rugby rugby
vorhaben project
vorhaben projects
verarbeitet processed
verarbeitet wrought
riga riga
gültigen valid
kameramann cameraman
kameramann cinematographer
funktionieren functioning
vorn front
hansestadt hanseatic
madonna madonna
roberto roberto
bedeutend significantly
wohnen living
wohnen housing
wohnen live
vorfahren ancestors
vorfahren ancestral
vorfahren ancestor
level level
ressourcen ressources
ressourcen resource
ressourcen resources
laura laura
zeichnen draw
zeichnen drawing
zeichnen sketching
essays essays
bürgerschaft citizenship
bürgerschaft citizenry
vorträge lectures
vorträge speeches
vorträge conferences
vorträge presentations
vorträge talks
vorträge lecture
haushalten households
marianne marianne
wilde wild
wilde savages
wilde wilde
wilde feral
wilde savage
mathias mathias
österreichisch austrian
österreichisch austro
klarer clearer
mont mont
rumpf hull
rumpf torso
rumpf fuselage
rumpf trunk
anfangen start
anfangen begin
arabische arab
arabische arabic
arabische arabian
lyrik lyric
lyrik poetry
lyrik lyrics
wahlbezirk constituency
belgrad belgrade
gesellschaftliche societal
maryland maryland
abhängigkeit dependency
abhängigkeit addiction
abhängigkeit dependence
ankunft arrival
ankunft arriving
ankunft arrive
ankunft arrivals
gerichte tribunals
gerichte dishes
gerichte courts
mörder killers
mörder killer
mörder murderer
mörder murderers
mörder assassin
kats kats
sofia sofia
verändern changing
verändern modify
verändern alter
abu abu
glasgow glasgow
stürmer strikers
stürmer forwards
stürmer striker
heller brighter
heller heller
befreit liberated
befreit freed
befreit exempted
befreit exempt
emanuel emanuel
emanuel emmanuel
naturschutz conservation
naturschutz nature
anliegen concerns
kohle coal
kohle coals
kohle dough
kohle charcoal
erteilt issued
erteilt granted
graham graham
hauptsitz hq
hauptsitz headquarters
hauptsitz headquarter
caroline caroline
kaiserreich empire
kaiserreich imperial
konzern corporate
konzern group
konzern consolidated
konzern corporation
marokko morocco
marokko tangiers
nordischen norse
nordischen nordic
gebeten asked
gebeten prayers
wörtlich literally
wörtlich literal
wörtlich verbatim
wrestling wrestling
ryan ryan
manga manga
demo demo
renault renault
turner gymnast
turner turner
einnahmen income
einnahmen revenues
einnahmen earnings
einnahmen receipts
einnahmen revenue
kritiken reviews
kritiken critics
kritiken criticisms
kritiken criticism
kritiken reviewers
dorothea dorothea
renoviert refurbished
renoviert renovated
renoviert restored
renoviert redecorated
suhrkamp suhrkamp
kreuzung crossing
kreuzung crossroad
kreuzung intersection
kreuzung junction
kreuzung crossroads
kritisierte criticized
kritisierte criticised
gilbert gilbert
jemals ever
verschwunden gone
verschwunden vanished
verschwunden disappeared
aufeinander successive
aufeinander consecutive
benennung appointment
benennung naming
benennung nomination
benennung designation
captain capt
captain captain
kirchliche ecclesiastical
ausgang output
ausgang outgoing
ausgang exit
ausgang exits
estland tallinn
estland estonia
startet launches
startet starts
clara clara
älterer older
erwachsenen adults
erwachsenen adult
nad nad
garde garde
anzeige display
anzeige advertisement
anzeige displays
systemen systems
sierra sierra
meißen meissen
trennen separating
trennen disconnect
trennen separation
trennen separate
sogn sogn
entscheidende decisive
entscheidende crucial
stralsund stralsund
zwingend obligatory
zwingend imperative
zwingend mandatory
zwingend compulsory
spezialisiert specialised
spezialisiert specialized
transportiert conveyed
transportiert transported
innenraum interior
innenraum interiors
innenraum indoor
kennedy kennedy
karin karin
händler dealers
händler distributors
händler traders
händler retailers
händler distributor
händler dealer
beförderung carriage
beförderung promotion
mönchengladbach mönchengladbach
germanistik germanic
benachbarte neighboring
benachbarte neighbouring
benachbarte adjacent
durchschnitt average
durchschnitt averages
singen sing
singen chanting
singen singing
singen chant
camp camp
gewerbe trades
minden minden
gefecht battle
gefecht skirmish
campbell campbell
mind mind
mind min
beine legs
anführer leader
anführer leaders
lig lig
techniken technique
techniken techniques
asteroiden asteroid
asteroiden asteroids
woher whence
woher how
franco franco
betrachtung contemplation
überprüfung review
überprüfung verification
böden soils
böden floors
böden soil
option option
ägyptischen egyptian
stade stade
lukas luke
lukas lukas
lukas lucas
morgan morgan
ständigen standing
ständigen permanent
bühnen platforms
bühnen stages
bühnen stage
porsche porsche
vermehrt propagated
beurteilung judgement
beurteilung evaluation
beurteilung assessment
beurteilung judging
abgehalten held
flecken stains
flecken patches
flecken spots
japanisch japanese
gewählten elected
sat sat
fliehen escaping
fliehen fleeing
fliehen flee
fliehen escape
stoffe fabrics
stoffe substances
erkenntnis realisation
erkenntnis perception
erkenntnis cognition
erkenntnis insight
château château
fraglich questionable
fraglich debatable
fraglich doubtful
steven steven
parker parker
empfangen receive
empfangen received
empfangen receiving
bruders brother
diff diff
pflicht duty
pflicht obligatory
pflicht obligation
pflicht mandatory
pflicht compulsory
talent talents
talent talent
fire fire
türkisch turkish
nummern numbers
passagiere passengers
passagiere passenger
generalsekretär secretary
schnellen fast
wusste knew
bahnen railways
bahnen pathways
bahnen trains
theologische theological
theologische theology
hanns hanns
thompson thompson
konstantinopel constantinople
konstantinopel istanbul
henriette henrietta
henriette henriette
four four
dichtung sealing
dichtung gasket
dichtung poetry
dichtung seal
hinreichend sufficiently
hinreichend sufficient
hinreichend adequately
theoretisch theoretical
theoretisch theoretically
theoretisch theory
robinson robinson
decken ceilings
decken blankets
decken cover
hop hop
legend legend
persönlicher personal
wünsche wish
wünsche wishes
wünsche wishing
wünsche desires
dennis dennis
mien mien
nachbarn neighbors
nachbarn neighbour
nachbarn neighbours
nachbarn neighbor
ernährung nutrition
ernährung dietary
ernährung nutritional
ernährung diet
bologna bologna
vergleichen comparisons
vergleichen compare
vergleichen diff
vergleichen comparing
vergleichen comparison
björn bjorn
björn björn
lebensweise lifestyle
lebensweise lifestyles
gestrichen deleted
gestrichen cancelled
gestrichen painted
gestrichen abolished
gestrichen canceled
kolumbien columbia
kolumbien colombia
tafel blackboard
verabschiedet adopted
geistliche clerics
geistliche priest
geistliche spiritual
geistliche priests
geistliche clergy
download download
dublin dublin
gabriele gabriele
planck planck
fantasy fantasy
anerkannte recognised
anerkannte acknowledged
anerkannte recognized
springen jump
springen leap
springen jumping
interessierte interested
standpunkt viewpoint
aktivität activity
passieren happen
ära era
luigi luigi
annehmen assume
annehmen accept
genügt suffices
genügt suffice
gedruckt printed
abteilungen divisions
abteilungen departments
abteilungen compartments
störungen malfunctions
störungen disruptions
störungen interference
störungen disorders
störungen disturbances
ken ken
sportarten sport
sportarten sports
halbe halves
halbe halfway
halbe half
louisiana louisiana
erläutert explained
erläutert explains
zeitlich timed
nachweisbar demonstrable
nachweisbar detectable
taiwan taiwan
kritischen critical
obergeschoss upstairs
vorzeitig prematurely
vorzeitig premature
sturz downfall
sturz overthrow
sturz falls
sturz fall
erweiterten enlarged
aufzeichnungen records
aufzeichnungen recordings
amazon amazon
teilgenommen attended
teilgenommen participated
befestigt fortified
befestigt attached
administrative administrative
shakespeare shakespeare
auseinander apart
forst forestry
forst forst
forst forest
hang slope
hang hang
löscht deletes
stadtmauer walls
stadtmauer ramparts
beantwortet replied
beantwortet answered
labor labs
labor laboratory
labor lab
labor labor
samstag saturday
samstag saturdays
lehmann lehmann
classic classic
wirtschafts economic
wirtschafts economie
hiermit hereby
herausragende eminent
herausragende outstanding
med med
oberste uppermost
oberste supreme
schwäbisch swabian
schwäbisch schwäbisch
berühmt famous
berühmt celebrity
berühmt fame
berühmt renowned
restaurierung restoration
restaurierung renovation
restaurierung restoring
restaurierung restorations
geehrt honoured
geehrt honored
jonas jonas
jonas jonah
umzug relocation
umzug moving
umzug parade
umzug removal
niedrigen low
ski skis
ski ski
weichen switches
ansprechen response
gezielt targeted
gezielt purposefully
held hero
erhöhung increase
erhöhung elevation
erhöhung enhancement
silbernen silvery
kfz automotive
wüste desert
wüste wilderness
wüste deserts
verkauften sold
adolph adolph
polizisten cops
polizisten policemen
polizisten police
polizisten officers
polizisten policeman
mhz mhz
uci uci
carter carter
princeton princeton
latein latin
tschechische czech
fortgesetzt continued
politisches political
atlanta atlanta
hip hip
antwerpen antwerpen
antwerpen antwerp
kaiserslautern kaiserslautern
bks bks
invasion invasion
invasion invade
antonius anthony
antonius antony
antonius antonius
muhammad muhammad
gegenwärtig currently
gegenwärtig presently
northern northern
julian julian
nil nil
nil nile
selbständige independent
selbständige independents
güterverkehr freight
alternativen alternative
alternativen alternatives
sant sant
altenburg altenburg
abc abc
herrscht prevails
herrscht reigns
schaffung creation
flachen shallow
bestritten disputed
kiew kyiv
kiew kiev
hard hard
wiedergänger revenant
uraufgeführt premiered
faust faust
faust fist
vita vita
unverändert unchanged
unverändert unmodified
evans evans
anlehnung affiliation
interessante interesting
holding holding
ausserdem also
apple apple
schlage suggest
schwanz tails
schwanz tail
schwanz dick
schwanz cock
schwanz prick
fisch pisces
fisch fish
fisch seafood
thron throne
rapper rappers
rapper rapper
ozean oceanic
ozean oceans
ozean ocean
konservatorium conservatory
konservatorium conservatoire
beteiligen participate
untergrund underground
untergrund substrate
untergrund subsoil
redundanz redundancy
senior senior
nachkriegszeit postwar
aufsätze essays
cooper cooper
rechner calculator
rechner computers
rechner host
rechner computer
rechner hosts
rechner calculators
ulmer ulmer
schubert schubert
brigitte brigitte
fränkischen franconian
fränkischen frankish
zugrunde underlying
barry barry
bahnhöfe stations
neuauflage reissued
brüdern brethren
brüdern brothers
patent patent
patent patents
webseiten website
webseiten web
webseiten webpages
webseiten sites
webseiten websites
unterfamilie subfamily
knochen bones
knochen bone
ack ack
veb veb
posen poznan
posen poznań
posen poses
posen posen
rechtlich legally
wenzel wenzel
wenzel wenceslas
pionier pioneering
pionier pioneer
pionier pioneers
type type
blütezeit flowering
blütezeit bloom
blütezeit heyday
rumänischen romanian
metz metz
harold harold
brothers brothers
tests tests
tests testing
entfernten remote
ausgehen nightclubs
ausgehen nightlife
ausgehen dating
ausgehen out
lebenslauf resumes
lebenslauf curriculum
lebenslauf cv
lebenslauf biography
lebenslauf resume
sorgt ensures
sorgt cares
läßt admits
staffeln seasons
staffeln squadrons
alkohol booze
alkohol alcohol
alkohol liquor
gene gene
gene genes
trasse path
rechnen arithmetic
rechnen expect
rechnen math
silva silva
bemerkenswert remarkably
bemerkenswert notable
bemerkenswert noticeable
bemerkenswert remarkable
bemerkenswert noteworthy
deutlicher clearer
menschheit humankind
menschheit humanity
menschheit mankind
produzieren producing
produzieren produce
ehre honour
ehre honor
ehre glory
öffentlicher public
toll great
toll toll
christ christian
christ christ
vorwort preamble
vorwort foreword
vorwort preface
vergrößert enlarges
vergrößert magnified
vergrößert enlarged
tropischen tropical
miami miami
shanghai shanghai
mexico mexico
bischofs bishop
vertretung representation
vertretung rep
vertretung representative
fauna fauna
fauna wildlife
abriss demolition
protokoll minutes
protokoll transcript
protokoll protocol
protokoll log
protokoll logs
athleten athlete
athleten athletes
lahn lahn
teilnehmern participants
teilnehmern attendees
baker baker
ethnischen ethnic
copa copa
konzipiert conceived
konzipiert designed
breiter wider
breiter broad
breiter wide
breiter broader
udo udo
steuerung control
steuerung controller
steuerung controlling
steuerung governance
steuerung controls
vortrag lecture
vortrag speech
vortrag presentation
vortrag talk
división división
prinzipien principles
dienstleistungen services
lehrbuch textbook
comedy comedy
basketballspieler basketball
subsp subsp
hansen hansen
catherine catherine
standorte location
standorte locations
standorte sites
philologe philologist
aufteilung allocation
aufteilung breakdown
aufteilung distribution
aufteilung splitting
böhmischen bohemian
erwachsene grown
erwachsene adults
erwachsene adult
werfen throwing
werfen cast
werfen toss
werfen throw
erfunden invented
mexikanischen mexican
philosophen philosophers
philosophen philosopher
frag ask
ehrenmitglied honorary
dicke thick
dicke thicknesses
dicke thickness
bodensee bodensee
irischen irish
ländlichen rural
han han
vielfalt multiplicity
vielfalt plurality
vielfalt diversity
vielfalt variety
wettbewerbe competitions
wettbewerbe contests
wettbewerbe contest
rowohlt rowohlt
heiraten marry
heiraten wed
heiraten marriage
heiraten wedding
murray murray
archäologe archaeologist
austin austin
stellungnahme opinion
zelle cell
zelle cells
wälder woods
wälder woodland
wälder forests
wälder forest
schließung closure
schließung closing
hierher here
ausgelöst triggered
maßnahme action
maßnahme measure
chief chief
echo echo
kunsthalle kunsthalle
grundlegende basics
grundlegende fundamental
grundlegende basic
rüdiger rüdiger
professoren professors
geschmack taste
geschmack flavor
geschmack flavour
geschmack tastes
porto postage
porto porto
porto oporto
konzentration concentrations
konzentration concentration
interviews interviews
ansprüche entitlements
ansprüche claims
wiedervereinigung reunite
wiedervereinigung reunification
wiedervereinigung reunion
kabel cables
kabel cable
bemüht endeavour
berner bern
berner bernese
berner berner
berner berne
konzentrierte concentrated
konzentrierte focused
keramik pottery
keramik ceramic
keramik ceramics
bismarck bismarck
monika monica
monika monika
flensburg flensburg
pakistan pakistan
grant grant
angemeldet notified
angemeldet logged
angemeldet filed
brasilianischen brazilian
löwe lion
löwe lions
löwe leo
gerechtfertigt warranted
gerechtfertigt justified
gerechtfertigt justifiable
pädagogik pedagogy
melodie melody
melodie tune
canadian canadian
beratung advice
beratung advisory
beratung consulting
beratung counselling
beratung consultancy
bäumen trees
boeing boeing
beschäftigung employment
externe external
orientierung orientation
prinzen princes
prinzen prince
mängel deficiencies
mängel shortcomings
mängel weaknesses
mängel flaws
mängel defects
medal medal
portrait portrait
challenge challenge
werten values
elektronischen electronic
fachzeitschrift journal
salvador salvador
saarland saarland
saarland saar
dakota dakota
untergang downfall
untergang demise
untergang woe
untergang doom
rache payback
rache vengeance
rache revenge
dutzend dozens
dutzend dozen
egon egon
utrecht utrecht
kategorisierung categorisation
kategorisierung categorization
control control
südwest southwestern
südwest southwest
vorwürfe allegations
vorwürfe accusations
tiger tiger
tiger tigers
päpstlichen papal
päpstlichen pontifical
finanziell financially
finanziell financial
finanziell finances
beamter official
beamter officials
beamter officer
tiroler tyrolean
allgemeines general
lichtenberg lichtenberg
wang wang
liverpool liverpool
ringer wrestlers
ringer ringer
ringer wrestling
ringer wrestler
identifiziert identifies
identifiziert identified
behauptungen claims
behauptungen allegation
behauptungen allegations
behauptungen assertions
gerecht fair
gerecht equitable
roll roll
broadway broadway
zerstörte destroyed
materie matter
jason jason
alaska alaska
lies read
soul soul
schaut look
naturwissenschaften science
naturwissenschaften sciences
barocke baroque
vermitteln conveying
vermitteln communicating
vermitteln mediate
vermitteln convey
matthew matthew
argentinischer argentinean
argentinischer argentine
positiven positive
positiven positives
dunkle dark
floh flea
floh fled
helene helene
helene helen
relief relief
vogt vogt
vogt bailiff
angela angela
margarete margaret
margarete margarete
deutet indicates
syn syn
ruprecht rupert
ruprecht ruprecht
religionen religions
religionen religious
religionen religion
mitwirkung involvement
mitwirkung participation
romanische romanesque
freigegeben released
freigegeben cleared
head head
leonard leonard
disney disney
helm helm
helm helmet
ruinen ruins
entscheidenden decisive
weißer caucasian
orientierte oriented
offenbach offenbach
sky sky
afrikanischen african
köhler köhler
zeitalter ages
zeitalter era
externen external
vision vision
auswertung interpretation
auswertung evaluation
auswertung analysis
jorge jorge
kilogramm kilograms
kilogramm kg
kilogramm kilogram
kilogramm kilo
rumänischer romanian
messung measuring
messung measurement
bassist bassist
bassist bass
schwert blade
schwert swords
schwert sword
elsass alsace
schlagen beat
schlagen punching
schlagen slapping
schlagen beating
schlagen punch
phoenix phoenix
italia italia
eisenach eisenach
inszenierung staging
glaubens faith
gewerkschaft union
gewerkschaft unions
touristen tourists
touristen tourist
geschwister siblings
geschwister sibling
vermute surmise
oregon oregon
christina christina
erstens firstly
rks rks
normen norms
normen standards
ansässig resident
erkrankungen illnesses
erkrankungen illness
erkrankungen diseases
erkrankungen disorders
agentur agency
agentur emea
iwan ivan
schreiber scribe
schreiber schreiber
blüte blossom
blüte flowering
blüte flower
blüte bloom
blüte blossoming
durchgesetzt enforced
zweitens secondly
punk punk
ausländische foreign
dell dell
digitalen digital
joan joan
enger closer
enger tighten
enger narrower
enger tighter
bremerhaven bremerhaven
tabellen tables
tabellen spreadsheets
überprüft checked
überprüft verified
überprüft reviewed
wls wls
wahlperiode legislature
westlicher westerly
einladung invite
einladung invitation
stadtverwaltung municipality
stadtverwaltung municipal
legislaturperiode legislature
slowenien slovenia
disziplinen discipline
disziplinen disciplines
finnischer finnish
alltag everyday
ausländischen foreign
gesungen sang
gesungen singing
gesungen sung
jerry jerry
türken turk
türken turks
hawaii hawaii
zeitweilig temporarily
zeitweilig temporary
jules jules
jährlichen yearly
jährlichen annual
akademische academic
gelehrten scholars
gelehrten scholar
mine mine
fachhochschule fachhochschule
fachhochschule polytechnic
überleben survive
überleben survival
überleben surviving
gelassen complacent
école école
école ecole
stimmung vibes
stimmung mood
stimmung tuning
anpassung adjustments
anpassung adaption
anpassung adjustment
anpassung adaptation
anpassung customization
flach flat
flach shallow
entwickler developers
entwickler developer
schwedisch swedish
kostenlos freeware
kostenlos free
under under
individuen individuals
tausende thousands
anwesenheit attendance
anwesenheit presence
liedern songs
israelischen israeli
freude delight
freude joy
freude happiness
freude pleasure
prototyp prototype
rotterdam rotterdam
unterzeichnete undersigned
unterzeichnete signed
effekte effects
effekte effect
gletscher glacier
gletscher glaciers
versenkt sunk
versenkt sank
indische indian
offs offs
bekämpfung combat
erzähler narrator
erzähler storyteller
essay essay
essay essays
operationen operations
operationen surgery
operationen surgeries
haute haute
stetig steady
stetig steadily
homburg homburg
montana montana
kleinste smallest
kleinste tiniest
kontinuierlich continuously
kontinuierlich continuous
kontinuierlich continually
wayne wayne
gleise platforms
gleise tracks
dessau dessau
erobert conquered
erobert conquers
erobert conquer
verwundet wounded
klöster monastery
klöster monasteries
anfänge beginnings
kaiserin empress
meier meier
soundtrack soundtrack
morris morris
gertrud gertrude
gertrud gertrud
malte painted
malte malte
hitlers hitler
übergab handed
pkw cars
pkw automobiles
pkw car
größen sizes
geographischen geographical
dnb dnb
öffnung aperture
öffnung openness
öffnung opening
petra petra
lateinisch latin
geschlossene enclosed
geschlossene closed
betreuung support
betreuung mentoring
betreuung supervision
betreuung care
lebensmittel food
lebensmittel foods
lebensmittel groceries
lebensmittel grocery
lebensmittel foodstuffs
objektiv lens
objektiv objective
objektiv lenses
objektiv objectively
personenverkehr passenger
geometrie geometry
geometrie geometric
bosnien bosnia
now now
zerstörer destroyers
zerstörer destroyer
wright wright
sergei sergei
sergei sergey
bonner bonner
wohnsitz resident
wohnsitz residence
wohnsitz domicile
alpha alpha
studiert studied
rheinischen rhenish
berkeley berkeley
illustrationen illustrations
richtungen directions
schnee snow
gerald gerald
realschule realschule
angel angel
vorgeschichte prehistory
vorgeschichte background
hartmut doreen
hartmut hartmut
funk funk
herrmann herrmann
troll troll
troll trolls
mythos myth
schumacher schumacher
schmalen narrow
schmalen slim
stausee dam
stausee lake
stausee reservoir
tenor tenor
befehlshaber commandant
befehlshaber commanders
befehlshaber commander
hochladen uploading
hochladen upload
sin sin
begangen committed
ansätze approaches
designer designers
designer designer
wirft casts
wirft accuses
wirft raises
wirft throws
möge may
verstand sanity
verstand mind
verstand minds
fühlt feels
türen gates
türen doors
valentin valentin
valentin valentine
begegnungen encounters
begegnungen encounter
brandt brandt
oklahoma oklahoma
gerettet rescued
gerettet saved
gerettet salvaged
ignoriert ignore
ignoriert ignored
ignoriert ignores
überwachung oversight
überwachung monitoring
überwachung monitor
überwachung supervision
überwachung surveillance
achter eighth
achter eights
chinesisch sino
chinesisch chinese
gerechtigkeit justice
gerechtigkeit righteousness
gerechtigkeit fairness
gerechtigkeit equity
folglich hence
folglich consequently
folglich therefore
bett beds
bett bunk
bett bed
vorarlberg vorarlberg
staatssekretär undersecretary
verlangen desire
verlangen require
verlangen demanding
verlangen craving
schreibe write
schreibe writing
angemessen appropriately
angemessen appropriate
angemessen adequate
angemessen adequately
angemessen reasonable
dynamo dynamo
drehen twist
drehen rotate
drehen turning
drehen rotating
drehen turn
angeben indicate
angeben brag
angeben specify
dazwischen between
venezuela venezuela
experiment experiment
astronom astronomers
astronom astronomer
reinbek reinbek
nina nina
theoretische theoretical
ingrid ingrid
industriellen industrial
industriellen industrialist
krüger kruger
krüger krüger
krüger krueger
gerichtet directed
gerichtet addressed
gerichtet judged
rechtswissenschaft law
rechtswissenschaft jurisprudence
umwandlung conversion
umwandlung converting
umwandlung transformation
umwandlung transform
rosenberg rosenberg
chaos mess
chaos mayhem
chaos chaos
xaver xaver
xaver xavier
ansiedlung settlement
zoo zoo
gestiftet donated
gestiftet endowed
bezahlt payed
bezahlt pays
bezahlt paid
cornelius cornelius
bobby bobby
interne internal
besetzte occupied
imo imo
käfer beetles
käfer bugs
käfer bug
käfer beetle
hinterlassen leave
gem acc
gem gem
abgesetzt discontinued
abgesetzt deposed
weihnachten christmas
weihnachten xmas
reguläre regular
fachbereich department
fachbereich faculty
beobachtungen observational
beobachtungen observations
beobachtungen sightings
beobachtungen observation
laien layman
dekan dean
ausgeliefert delivered
ausgeliefert shipped
ausgeliefert extradited
häftlinge convicts
häftlinge prisoners
häftlinge inmates
häftlinge detainees
russen russian
russen russians
allee allee
allee avenue
allee alley
basilika basilica
zyklus cycles
zyklus cycle
konzepte conceptions
konzepte concepts
ganzes whole
ndr ndr
heiliger saints
heiliger holy
heiliger saint
heiliger sacred
tendenz trend
tendenz propensity
tendenz tendency
garcía garcia
garcía garcía
beibehalten retained
beibehalten keep
beibehalten maintained
beibehalten maintain
beibehalten retain
orleans orleans
orleans orléans
anstieg rise
anstieg surge
österreicher austrians
österreicher austrian
eddie eddie
vorbereitet ready
vorbereitet prepped
vorbereitet prepared
aktiengesellschaft aktiengesellschaft
stürzte crashed
stürzte collapsed
einheitliche unified
einheitliche unitary
einheitliche uniform
urheberrecht copyrights
urheberrecht copyright
landschaften scenery
landschaften countryside
landschaften landscapes
landschaften landscape
anstellung recruitment
festland mainland
baltimore baltimore
kannte knew
fotografen photographers
fotografen photographer
einverstanden agreed
einverstanden agree
mund mouth
mund mouths
inkl incl
berthold berthold
löst solves
löst triggers
soziales social
xiv xiv
reformen reform
reformen reforms
sklaven slave
sklaven slaves
weinbau vineyard
weinbau vineyards
weinbau viticulture
weinbau wine
griechen greeks
griechen greek
individuelle customised
individuelle individual
individuelle customized
fair fair
scheitern fail
scheitern failure
scheitern failing
scheitern failures
spitzen lace
spitzen peaks
aussieht looks
mohammed mohammad
mohammed muhammad
mohammed mohammed
mohammed mohamed
gattin missus
marktplatz marketplace
arkansas arkansas
erwerben acquire
indonesien indonesia
indonesien indonesian
reagieren react
reagieren respond
reagieren reacting
reagieren responding
bedingung conditional
bedingung condition
bedingung constraint
paolo paolo
tagebuch journal
tagebuch diary
tagebuch diaries
entsprechender corresponding
ethik ethic
ethik ethical
ethik ethics
ausgewählte selected
britisch british
entdecken discovering
entdecken explore
entdecken detect
entdecken discover
entdecken discovery
angewiesen instructed
gestapo gestapo
beginnend beginning
beginnend commencing
frequenz frequency
lit lit
auffällig conspicuously
auffällig flashy
auffällig noticeable
auffällig conspicuous
auffällig striking
verlinkung hyperlink
verlinkung link
verlinkung linking
seltene rare
marshall marshall
marshall marshal
wortes word
handwerk craftsmanship
handwerk handicrafts
handwerk craft
handwerk handicraft
handwerk crafts
most most
grosse large
grosse grosse
gütersloh gütersloh
jederzeit everytime
jederzeit anytime
geeignete appropriate
geeignete suitable
contest contest
houston houston
adrian adrian
reichlich ample
reichlich plentiful
reichlich plenty
reichlich abundant
musée musée
gefallenen fallen
kaffee coffee
kaffee cafe
gedenkstätte memorial
agent agent
zagreb zagreb
fokus focus
verbesserungen improvements
verbesserungen enhancements
verbesserungen improvement
gegenseitig mutually
schien appeared
schien shone
schien seemed
modellen models
turnieren tournaments
grey grey
krakau cracow
krakau krakow
krakau kraków
gedenken remembrance
gedenken remembering
gedenken commemoration
gedenken commemorate
gesendet transmitted
gesendet sent
gesendet posted
zypern zimbabwe
zypern cyprus
zypern malta
anleitung guidance
anleitung instruction
anleitung manual
anleitung tutorial
anleitung instructions
jeff jeff
staatsbürgerschaft nationality
staatsbürgerschaft citizenship
zwang forced
zwang compulsion
zwang coercion
zwang duress
zwang constraint
germania germania
praktischen practicality
praktischen practicalities
unterart subtype
unterart subspecies
kürzer shorter
komplexe complexes
komplexe complexity
komplexe complex
verbündeten allied
verbündeten allies
verbündeten ally
monats monthly
monats month
truppe troop
truppe troupe
türme towers
türme tower
hut hut
hut hats
hut hat
verbleib whereabouts
verbleib fate
abgeschafft abolished
milch dairy
milch milk
langjährigen longtime
langjährigen longstanding
kommerziellen commercial
jon jon
schmitt schmitt
bestände inventories
bestände stocks
bestände inventory
bestände herds
weswegen why
hills hills
baptist baptist
angelegten landscaped
anfänglich initially
beeinflussen affect
beeinflussen influencing
beeinflussen influence
bug bug
bug bow
bundesverdienstkreuz bundesverdienstkreuz
meilen mile
meilen miles
meilen mileage
taten deeds
landesstraße landesstraße
farm farm
oberstleutnant colonel
ermitteln investigating
ermitteln investigate
ermitteln detect
ermitteln identify
wta wta
freizeit recreation
freizeit leisure
freizeit sports
drum drum
gera gera
motorrad bikes
motorrad motorcycles
motorrad bike
motorrad motorcycle
motorrad motorbike
lutherische lutheran
aktueller current
peer peer
wellen shafts
wellen ripples
wellen waves
maßstab yardstick
maßstab scale
maßstab benchmark
ständige permanent
ständige constant
verbreiteten disseminated
landete landed
sopran soprano
schoss lap
schoss shot
fachliteratur literature
philosophische philosophical
klassiker classics
klassiker classical
klassiker classic
burgund bourgogne
burgund burgundy
partnerschaft partnering
partnerschaft partnership
partnerschaft twinning
partnerschaft partnerships
erfordert requiring
erfordert requires
pauli pauli
brot loaf
brot bread
ukrainischen ukrainian
xiii xiii
lehren lessons
lehren teaching
lehren teach
lehren teachings
marseille marseille
marseille marseilles
hugh hugh
chen chen
leon leon
äußersten outermost
ostseite east
duden duden
höfe farms
höfe courtyards
höfe courts
beethoven beethoven
mönche monks
krefeld krefeld
tommy tommy
ungarisch hungarian
rgb rgb
tool tool
görlitz görlitz
glatt plain
glatt smooth
beauftragte envoy
beauftragte commissioned
beauftragte delegate
aussicht prospect
aussicht outlook
aussicht views
aussicht view
beantworten answering
erwerb acquisitions
erwerb purchase
erwerb acquisition
passage passage
niedriger lower
portugiesischer portuguese
run run
saudi saudi
anime anime
kairo cairo
reformierten reformed
bittet invites
bittet asks
bittet beg
olaf olaf
bewusstsein conscience
bewusstsein awareness
bewusstsein consciousness
bewusstsein conscious
berufliche occupational
berufliche vocational
apostolischen apostolic
erlauben enable
erlauben allow
erlauben permit
porträts portraits
porträts portrait
ausgegangen dated
avenue avenue
motors motors
départements départements
let let
let iet
kunstverein kunstverein
schumann schumann
remix remix
trikot jersey
lorenzo lorenzo
gescheitert failed
gescheitert unsuccessful
renate renate
künftig henceforth
masters masters
opern opera
opern operas
tschechisch czech
angebote specials
angebote promotions
angebote offers
angebote deals
zugewiesen assigned
zugewiesen allocated
zugewiesen attributed
zugewiesen allotted
grundlegend fundamentally
grundlegend fundamental
kriegen wars
reifen tires
reifen tyres
reifen tire
reifen tyre
reifen mature
wolfram tungsten
wolfram wolfram
roberts roberts
komitee committee
komitee comité
hirsch stag
hirsch deer
hirsch hirsch
ludwigs ludwig
umstand circumstance
unterarten subtypes
unterarten subspecies
ermittlungen investigations
ermittlungen investigation
speicher storage
speicher memory
nancy nancy
verwechseln mistaking
verwechseln confuse
hunter hunter
verschieden different
verschieden diverse
verschieden various
verschieden varied
krieger warriors
krieger krieger
krieger warrior
umstände circumstance
umstände circumstances
systematisch systematically
systematisch systematic
gesetzlichen statutory
eichstätt eichstätt
ehepaar couple
delta delta
durchführen perform
durchführen performing
armin armin
brockhaus brockhaus
ivan ivan
stichwort keywords
stichwort cue
stichwort keyword
erwünscht desired
erwünscht desirable
erwünscht appreciated
erwünscht wanted
konzentriert concentrated
konzentriert focussed
konzentriert focuses
konzentriert focused
edwin edwin
kent kent
matthäus matthew
bond bond
aluminium aluminium
aluminium aluminum
dimension dimension
schönheit beauty
sauerstoff oxygen
erstellte compiled
erstellte created
mitchell mitchell
marion marion
rasse racial
rasse breed
rasse race
schwarzwald schwarzwald
ingolstadt ingolstadt
geäußert uttered
geäußert voiced
inschriften inscriptions
zähne tooth
zähne teeth
basierend based
cottbus cottbus
freuen rejoice
gültig valid
gültig expires
statthalter governor
sri sri
systematische systematic
denkbar conceivable
satelliten satellites
satelliten satellite
umgehen evade
umgehen bypass
umgehen circumvent
symbole symbols
symbole icons
germanischen germanic
theo theo
medaillen medal
medaillen medals
abbruch abortion
abbruch abort
abbruch demolition
spannungen stresses
spannungen tension
spannungen voltages
spannungen tensions
resultat result
bricht breaks
sony sony
verarbeitung processing
verarbeitung workmanship
sechste sixth
empfohlen suggested
empfohlen recommended
empfohlen advised
bundesautobahn bundesautobahn
five five
vernichtet destroyed
vernichtet destroy
vernichtet annihilated
vernichtet exterminated
frühling spring
frühling springtime
romanischen romanesque
raf raf
akzeptieren accepting
akzeptieren accept
gräber tombs
gräber graves
ansbach ansbach
renovierung refurbishment
renovierung renovated
renovierung renovation
renovierung renovations
collins collins
collins collin
einander mutually
übersehen missed
übersehen overlooked
übersehen overlook
wäldern woods
wäldern forests
analysis calculus
massiven massive
terry terry
gleichung equation
sockel pedestal
sockel cap
sockel socket
sockel lga
sockel sockets
erlaubte permitted
erlaubte allowed
vergeblich vain
vergeblich futile
mögen liking
mögen like
mögen likes
schulze schulze
traditionen traditions
traditionen tradition
dehio dehio
behauptete claimed
behauptete asserted
behauptete alleged
six six
hunde dogs
hunde canine
hunde dog
krebs cancers
krebs krebs
krebs cancer
verfolgen tracking
verfolgen haunt
virus virus
girls girls
unit unit
fett fats
fett grease
fett bold
fett fat
direkter direct
anzeigen classifieds
anzeigen display
anzeigen view
anzeigen ads
anzeigen show
alain alain
blättern leaf
blättern leaves
blättern scrolling
blättern scroll
angetrieben driven
angetrieben propelled
angetrieben powered
wiederholen repeated
wiederholen repeat
wiederholen redo
wiederholen replay
reformierte reformed
historique historique
astronomie astronomy
stadtzentrum downtown
stadtzentrum centre
decke ceilings
decke blanket
decke blankets
decke ceiling
decke roof
achim achim
wohnt lives
wohnt resides
schritte footsteps
schritte steps
schritte strides
wachsenden growing
dominiert dominates
dominiert dominated
dominiert dominate
dominiert dominating
geschafft managed
geschafft accomplished
geschafft made
geschafft done
geschafft succeeded
michail mikhail
linden linden
globe globe
ulrike sarah
ulrike ulrike
ulrike julia
nicholas nicholas
jubiläum jubilee
jubiläum anniversaries
jubiläum anniversary
schnabel beak
française française
übertrug devolved
schriftlich written
schriftlich writing
palästina palestine
palästina palestinian
klärung clarifying
klärung clarify
klärung clarification
wilfried wilfred
wilfried wilfried
verfolgte tracked
verfolgte pursued
verfolgte haunted
verfolgte persecuted
angewandt applied
zehnten tenth
still hush
still still
eingeleitet initiated
eingeleitet instituted
vorgaben presets
vorgaben defaults
beobachter observers
beobachter watchers
beobachter monitors
beobachter observer
bilanz balance
produkten products
fürth fürth
indirekt indirect
indirekt indirectly
mtv mtv
alias alias
alias aka
bestätigung confirmation
bestätigung acknowledgement
bestätigung confirm
bestätigung validation
mühlen mill
mühlen windmills
mühlen mills
mühlen grinders
mühlen crushers
libretto libretto
wiederherstellen restore
wiederherstellen recover
wiederherstellen redo
wiederherstellen restoring
massaker massacre
massaker massacres
suffix suffix
rudolph rudolph
umgangssprachlich colloquial
umgangssprachlich colloquially
umgangssprachlich slang
rennfahrer racers
rennfahrer racer
beseitigt solved
beseitigt eliminated
beseitigt abolished
beseitigt disposed
aufschwung upturn
aufschwung upswing
aufschwung revival
matrix array
matrix matrix
ähnlichkeit similarities
ähnlichkeit likeness
ähnlichkeit resemblance
ähnlichkeit similarity
verteidigte defended
empfehlung recommended
empfehlung suggestion
empfehlung recommendation
bedrohung menace
bedrohung threats
bedrohung threat
eindeutige unambiguous
eindeutige unequivocal
einweihung dedication
einweihung inauguration
einweihung consecration
landkreise districts
landkreise counties
vollendet completes
landung touchdown
landung landing
saniert rehabilitated
sozialer social
statistischen statistical
dallas dallas
betreute oversaw
offensive offensive
fein finely
fein fine
fein fein
pole pole
pole poles
herman herman
besiegt conquered
besiegt beaten
besiegt vanquished
besiegt defeated
krause krause
bindung bindings
bindung binding
bindung bonding
bindung bond
entwürfe sketches
entwürfe designs
entwürfe drafts
entwürfe blueprints
schwimmen swim
schwimmen swimming
early early
abkürzungen shortcuts
abkürzungen abbreviation
abkürzungen abbreviations
abkürzungen acronyms
protest protest
protest protests
messina messina
organisierten organised
organisierten organized
bsg bsg
kugel sphere
kugel globe
kugel ball
kugel orb
kugel bullet
kosovo kosovo
delegation delegation
färbung staining
färbung coloring
färbung colouring
färbung coloration
trophy trophy
ausstrahlung broadcast
ausstrahlung charisma
ausstrahlung broadcasting
